People sometimes ask me considering the time you spend in the military
what would you have done differently or what should you have done instead
of what you did do, and I'm reminded of the story of General
Alexander and Anthony Eden who went to Winston Churchill's funeral,
and they were talking about their wartime experiences in World War Two,
on the steps of Saint Paul's after the service. And one of them
said to the other, and I can't remember which way it went, 'don't you
wish we had it all to do over again' and the other would responded
'no we might not do half so well the next time,' and that's the way
I feel about my military career. My military career has been such a
joy to be and has gone so well that had I all the do it over again
I'd say now just let me do it just the way it worked out. I enjoyed
it just the way it worked out, I wouldn't change a damn thing